More than
40,000 Palestinians
have now been killed in Gaza,
a majority of whom are civilians,
and these numbers are from the Palestine
Ministry of Health.
But they are backed up
by the United States,
by international organizations.
Humanitarian conditions in Gaza
have degraded so much
that diseases like polio
and hepatitis A are now spreading.
We have seen countless
children be orphaned.
mothers lose their children.
How much is too much, sir?
At what point is it time to end this war?
Well, we'll end the war
when we
achieve our
world goals
of the making sure that Hamas
can't repeat such atrocities.
But we're fighting this war
in a just war with just means.
In fact,
with means that no other army
has as over form, no other army has done,
has taken
the precautions that Israel has taken,
sometimes at great risk,
to make sure that we minimize
the number of casualties.
You talked about polio.
We enable now
massive vaccination of polio.
We want
90% of the Gaza and the people of Gaza,
vaccinated, I think 200, 200,000.
200,000.
I think we're vaccinated today.
We've put in a million
tons of food,
a million tons of aid,
700,000 tons of food. That's unheard of.
We've taken,
because we think that
every civilian death is a tragedy
for Hamas.
Every civilian death is a strategy
for us.
It's a tragedy
that 1.4 million
people in Gaza,
they moved from the north to the south.
You're going to have thousands,
20,000 killed.
You're going to have a catastrophe,
a humanitarian catastrophe.
There have no place to go,
no food to eat.
Now, report honestly,
because here's what happened.
They all left.
They went to the humanitarian zone,
which was two miles away. Let's.
On the beach.
They have tents.
We supplied tents for 150,000 people.
The agency supplied the rest,
and some of them
carried over into that place.
We supplied water lines,
sewage lines, food.
There's more to be done.
Medical.
So now we know how many people
were killed.
How many terrorists?
Because we counted them.
And we just passed 2000 terrorists.
Body count of terrorists.
The people left.
How many civilians died?
I asked the commander,
the commander of the, of the division
that did the Rafah operation
and the Philadelphia border.
He said,
Prime Minister,
there are hardly any civilian deaths
because everybody left.
They heeded our warnings.
But he said
there were probably two dozen,
and most of them occurred two dozen.
And most of them occurred
when one of our bombs hit,
Hamas ammunition depot
that was planted inside
a residential area.
40 people died.
About 20 were terrorists,
but 20 were civilians.
And he said, that's most of the deaths.
That's the lowest ratio
of noncombatants to combatants
in the history of urban warfare.
That's it.
Now, report honestly,
because you accused us of something
that is outrageous
and in fact, the accusations against us
outrageously false humanitarian aid,
a million
trucks of aid, a million tons of aid,
700,000 tons of food,
a deliberate starvation policy.
You can say anything
that doesn't make it true.
You repeat a lie
over and over and over again.
It assumes the cachet
of self-evident truth. But it's false.
Israel is doing
and the Israeli army is doing
something that no other army
has done in history.
And we'll continue to do that.
I'm not going to change my policies,
humanitarian policies,
vaccination policies,
combat policies to minimize
civilian casualties.